# Options

Configure Nuxt Medusa easily with the `medusa` property.

---

```ts [nuxt.config]
export default {
  // Defaults options
  medusa: {
    baseUrl: process.env.MEDUSA_URL || 'http://localhost:9000',
    global: true,
    server: false,
    debug: false,
    publishableKey: "",
    auth: {
      type: "session",
      jwtTokenStorageKey: "medusa_auth_token",
      jwtTokenStorageMethod: "local"
    },
  }
}
```

For full configuration of `@medusajs/js-sdk` check out the documentation [here](https://docs.medusajs.com/resources/js-sdk).

## `baseUrl`

- Default: `http://localhost:9000`

The url to which requests are made to.

## `global`

- Default: `true`

When set to `true` it will register Medusa client globally through a plugin. Otherwise, first usage of `useMedusaClient` or `serverMedusaClient` will create a client and then use it from either the context or the event.

## `server`

- Default: `false`

When set to `true` it will add a server utility `serverMedusaClient` that allows to fetch data from Medusa from the server side.

## `apiKey` (Server only)

- Optional: `''`

Optional API key used for authenticating admin requests, can be done from server or `serverMedusaClient` only.

## `publishableKey`

- Optional: `''`

Required publishable API key used for storefront requests, you can generate this API key following the instructions [here](https://docs.medusajs.com/resources/storefront-development/publishable-api-keys).

## `auth.type`

- Default: `'session'`

A string that specifies the user authentication method to use.

Possible types are:

- `session`: The user is authenticated with a cookie session.
- `jwt`: The user is authenticated with a JWT token that's passed in the Bearer authorization header.

## `auth.jwtTokenStorageKey`

- Default: `'medusa_auth_token'`

A string that, when `auth.type` is `jwt`, specifies the key of the JWT token in the storage specified in the `auth.jwtTokenStorageMethod` configuration.

## `auth.jwtTokenStorageMethod`

- Default: `'local'`

A string that, when `auth.type` is `jwt`, specifies where the JWT token is stored. Possible values are:

- `local` for the Local Storage.
- `session` for the Session Storage.
- `memory` to store it within the SDK for the current application's runtime.

## `globalHeaders`

- Optional: `''`

An object of key-value pairs indicating headers to pass in all requests, where the key indicates the name of the header field.

## `debug`

- Default: `false`

A boolean indicating whether to show debug messages of requests sent in the console. This is useful during development.

## `logger`

- Default: JavaScript's console is used by default.

Replace the logger used by the JS SDK to log messages. The logger must be a class or object having the following methods:

- `error`: A function that accepts an error message to log.
- `warn`: A function that accepts a warning message to log.
- `info`: A function that accepts an info message to log.
- `debug`: A function that accepts a debug message to log.
